"Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is!" - Dita Von Teese
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
“It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.” – Vince Lombardi 
“Failure Will Never Overtake Me If My Determination To Succeed Is Strong Enough.” – Og Mandino
"In the egoic state, your sense of self, your identity, is derived from your thinking mind - in other words, what your mind tells you about yourself: the storyline of you, the memories, the expectations, all the thoughts that go through your head continuously and the emotions that reflect those thoughts. All those things make up your sense of self." - Eckhart Tolle
"Wherever you are, be there totally. If you find your here and now intolerable and it makes you unhappy, you have three options: remove yourself from the situation, change it, or accept it totally. If you want to take responsibility for your life, you must choose one of those three options, and you must choose now. Then accept the consequences." - Eckhart Tolle
"Narrow your life down to this moment. Your life situation may be full of problems - most life situations are - but find out if you have a problem at this moment. Do you have a problem now?" - Eckhart Tolle
“The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It’s what you’re made of. Not the circumstances.” – Unknown
“If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day it usually is.” – Catherine Pulsifier
“You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.”  – Unknown
“Impossible is just an opinion.” – Paulo Coelho
“Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.” – Isabelle Lafleche
“Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
“If something is important enough, even if the odds are stacked against you, you should still do it.” – Elon Musk
“Hold the vision, trust the process.” – Unknown
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” – John D. Rockefeller
“People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.” – Unknown
“No one is to blame for your future situation but yourself. If you want to be successful, then become “Successful.”― Jaymin Shah
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”― Abraham Lincoln
“Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.”― Thomas Edison
“Every sucessful person in the world is a hustler one way or another. We all hustle to get where we need to be. Only a fool would sit around and wait on another man to feed him.” ― K’wan
“Invest in your dreams. Grind now. Shine later.” – Unknown
“Hustlers don’t sleep, they nap.” – Unknown
“Greatness only comes before hustle in the dictionary.” – Ross Simmonds
“Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” – Gary Vaynerchuk
“Work like there is someone working twenty four hours a day to take it away from you.” – Mark Cuban
“Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise.” – Unknown
